Corrected documented type for defaultValue (#2778)
keystonejs/keystone: packages/fields/README.md

| -------------- | ----------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`         | `FieldType`                         | (required)  |                                                                                         |
| `schemaDoc`    | `String`                            | `false`     | A description for the field used in the AdminUI.                                        |

> | `defaultValue` | `String` \| `Function` \| `null`    | `undefined` | A default value of the field.                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `defaultValue` | `Any` \| `Function` | `undefined` | A valid default value for the field type. Functions must return a valid value. Use `undefined` to set no default, and `null` to sets an empty default.                                                    |
```
